cloud: support vector search (#18007)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/vector-search-integrate-with-jinaai-embedding.md

---
title: Integrate TiDB Vector Search with Jina AI Embeddings API
summary: Learn how to integrate TiDB Vector Search with Jina AI Embeddings API to store embeddings and perform semantic search.
---

# Integrate TiDB Vector Search with Jina AI Embeddings API

> This tutorial will walk you through how to use [Jina AI](https://jina.ai/) to generate embeddings for text data, and then store the embeddings in TiDB Vector Storage and search similar texts based on embeddings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial walks you through how to use [Jina AI](https://jina.ai/) to generate embeddings for text data, and then store the embeddings in TiDB Vector Storage and search similar texts based on embeddings.
```

---

> title: Integrate TiDB Vector Search with JinaAI Embeddings API
> summary: Learn how to integrate TiDB Vector Search with JinaAI Embeddings API to store embeddings and perform semantic search.
> ---
> 
> # Integrate TiDB Vector Search with JinaAI Embeddings API

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Integrate TiDB Vector Search with Jina AI Embeddings API
summary: Learn how to integrate TiDB Vector Search with Jina AI Embeddings API to store embeddings and perform semantic search.
---

# Integrate TiDB Vector Search with Jina AI Embeddings API
```

    return response.json()['data'][0]['embedding']
```

### Connect to TiDB Serverless

Connect to TiDB Serverless through SQLAlchemy:

```python
import os
import dotenv

from tidb_vector.sqlalchemy import VectorType
from sqlalchemy.orm import Session, declarative_base

dotenv.load_dotenv()

TIDB_DATABASE_URL = os.getenv('TIDB_DATABASE_URL')
assert TIDB_DATABASE_URL is not None
engine = create_engine(url=TIDB_DATABASE_URL, pool_recycle=300)
```

### Define the vector table schema

Create a table named `jinaai_tidb_demo_documents` with a `content` column for storing texts and a vector column named `content_vec` for storing embeddings:

```python
from sqlalchemy import Column, Integer, String, create_engine
from sqlalchemy.orm import declarative_base

Base = declarative_base()

class Document(Base):
    __tablename__ = "jinaai_tidb_demo_documents"

    id = Column(Integer, primary_key=True)
    content = Column(String(255), nullable=False)
    content_vec = Column(
        # DIMENSIONS is determined by the embedding model,
        # for Jina AI's jina-embeddings-v2-base-en model it's 768.
        VectorType(dim=768),
        comment="hnsw(distance=cosine)"
```

> > **Note**
> >
> > The dimension of the vector column should match the dimension of the embeddings generated by the embedding model.
> >
> > In this example, the dimension of embeddings generated by the `jina-embeddings-v2-base-en` model is `768`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:**
>
> - The dimension of the vector column must match the dimension of the embeddings generated by the embedding model.
> - In this example, the dimension of embeddings generated by the `jina-embeddings-v2-base-en` model is `768`.
```
